@c -*-texinfo-*-
@ifclear GLOBAL-TODO
@chapter TODO

@ifset TEXT-ONLY
@include version.texi
@end ifset

@section Bugs in the GUI library
@end ifclear

@subsection Windows

@itemize @bullet
@item Code to manage window decorations is not finished.  
The reported frame origin of a window might be wrong. 

@item Windows never get released.  Setting isReleasedWhenClosed 
does not work.

Fixing these bugs requires touching delicate parts of the library.
This is why fixing them has been postponed after 0.6.5, to keep 0.6.5
reasonably stable.
@end itemize

@subsection Texts

@itemize @bullet

@item There have been a lot of improvements in the NSText code, but is 
particularly complex. It is 
somewhat usable though.  We hope to keep improving it.

@end itemize

@subsection Matrices

@itemize @bullet
@item Encoding/Decoding of matrices is unimplemented.  There are some minor 
known bugs with handling of mouse down in matrices.
@end itemize

@subsection Cells

@itemize @bullet
@item Since NSText does only left alignment, when you select or edit text 
in a cell it becomes automatically left aligned regardless of the original 
alignment.

@item Multi line texts are unsupported; isScrollable, wordWraps etc do nothing.
This restriction will hopefully be removed in next releases.
@end itemize

@subsection Images anf Graphics

@itemize @bullet
@item There are problems with alpha composing.  To avoid these problems, 
you may set manually the background color of your image when displaying it.

@item alpha drawing and compositing of graphics works, but only to a limited
degree.

@end itemize

@subsection Alert, Info Panels

@itemize @bullet
@item Multi line messages are generally unsupported due to the similar 
restriction in the cells code.
@end itemize

@subsection Unimplemented Classes

The following classes are currently unimplemented or unfinished
to such a degree to be unusable.

@itemize @bullet
@item NSDataLink
@item NSHelpPanel
@item NSLayoutManager
@item NSPageLayout
@item NSPrintPanel
@item NSSecureTextField
@item NSSpellChecker
@end itemize
